cody: fix workspace file path (#53103)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: client/cody/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Open file paths from Cody's responses in workspace with correct portocel. [pull/](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open file paths from Cody's responses in a workspace with the correct protocol. [pull/](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/)
```
